hey everyone put down lawless here again
in this video I'm going to show you guys
some of the killer preset sounds in the
cold wave drum the wave drum has 100
preset programs including traditional
pop rock drum sounds such as snares kick
drums and tom-toms percussion
instruments such as cones khumba's
tablets
Reznik percussion sounds such as who do
taiko drums and african talking drums
not strictly limited to percussion
sounds the wave drum also includes
stringed instruments such as the sitar
koto and berimbau
not to mention all the weird and
wonderful new original sounds that this
thing can create to change the programs
you simply use the value not live mode
allows you to save your favorite 12
programs for instant access using these
buttons 1 2 4 and banks a B and C to
send your own programs to the live mode
buttons
simply select the bank and button you
want to store the program at turn the
volume knob to the program that you want
hit the right button and then hit the
right button once more to confirm that
program can now instantly be recalled in
live mode
along with the hundred preset programs
you can also store 100 user programs by
combining head written PCM sounds for
the 36 different algorithms the creative
possibilities are endless